Woof
Police, don't forget he rejected you just now
I came to see you.
Did you hear the shelves hit the road?
Why don't you try it?
I heard that the police officer
Amazing my equestrian champion
But Huo Shao is not bad either
He learned horsemanship as a child
And he also shot a lot of promotional videos for his horse farm
Of course, Jinshao's suggestion is OK.
It's just that today you are all guests
This is my sparrow.
He is not as angry as you.
It's a little unfair to you.
Always say that
Are you afraid of losing to me?
Pure game hum
How about a bet?
If anyone wins this game
It's okay, you can invite this lady to share it.
It's a deal.
I heard that the horses at Huo Family Racecourse are all reinvigorated
Wait for the original surname Gu in the underground
I say that, isn't it dangerous for the police to compete with him?
I saw someone last time
Fell off a horse
He's got a comminuted fracture of his calf.
In the future, I still can't run
Ouch
Sister Nanfeng, can you stop being so impulsive?
Do you think I'm bound to lose?
Does winning or losing matter?
Yes, it is.